[21606] Add missing tutorials for AML Dashboard (#17)
eProsima-Private/AML-Tools: docs/rst/installation/docker/amldashboard.rst

    Change the Dockerfile to use the main branch when it is merged.

> To build the Docker image using the provided `Dockerfile <https://github.com/eProsima-Private/AML-Dashboard/blob/feature/dfki_demo_amlip/Dockerfile>`_, execute the following command:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To build the Docker image using the provided `Dockerfile <https://github.com/eProsima-Private/AML-Dashboard/blob/main/Dockerfile>`_, execute the following command:
```
